Idk why omg2 is being so underrated,like
We all know the movie has same title as the 1st one 
But do u guys literally understood the concept what both 
Those film showed maybe not ! In my surrounding people are calling this
Bad movies some people called it besharam. bruhh it's the truth
Which was being hidden from decades and u r calling it vulgar .
People are watching gadar 2 which is literally a copy of gadar 
Same concept same shit everywhere does it has any social
Concept to tell people I will probably say no cz it it what it is.
People love watching which literally make fun of God's and 
education but can't accept that sex education is a thing to 
teach .  People laugh on it just like it's joke hide it from their 
children from people even though everybody knows it. then it's
 not meant to be
Hidden bruh if next generation won't got to know about the sex
 education do they will produce babies through photosynthesis?!
I know people might tell u r just so small to talk about it
Focus on ur study but can u guys see how much truth does these
 lines hold noo u don't,of course this is what I really expected from
Our indian society('1.42 billion population' guys modiji didn't installed
 this much population ) see if someone is talking about reproduction,
The one who is mature will accept that but the immature one will
Laugh on it even some people make fun of it and, ask stupid 
Questions like how people gotta know about sex do they saw each other
Doing that and they started doing the same,naa u probably wrong 
These are the hormones where you gotta know maturely what happens 
Which education system denied to study and that's the reason why people 
even girls Laugh someone talked about periods bruh it's a thing that happens 
to every women ,you'll know why vivek did that bcz he wasn't thought about 
that if it was good or bad bullies bullied him for that
He was tensed cz he didn't gotta know about that musterbation won't
Make his penis large again these society which blames vivek not the education system !!!
The social message and the maturity this movie holds
I will literally give it  ♾️/10 
I would literally suggest mature people
To watch this !! Or else these illiterate people make fun of it by
Saying what the hell they are showing it's literally bullshit! Probably those people
don't have that enough maturity to understand this again I will blame this on education 
system  cz it has to be!!
